{"Title": "Comment in r/opiates", "Abstract": "The naloxone doesn't cause precipitated withdrawl. The bupe does."}
{"Title": "Comment in r/Drugs", "Abstract": "Did you have Oxys with Naloxone?"}
{"Title": "Comment in r/fentanyl", "Abstract": "Yes, it literally a warm blanket that just covers over you and you just slip off into nothing. EDIT: when I overdosed on it, I don\u2019t remember much from before, but I know when I came to I was like oh shit I\u2019m in an ambulance, they hit me with narcan twice, I freaked the fuck out, left the hospital against medical advice, went 3 days with a broken ankle before I went back to the hospital to have surgery. I have a fucking death wish though so it wasn\u2019t a big deal to me at the time. Don\u2019t be like me."}
{"Title": "Comment in r/opiates", "Abstract": "thanks, what i thought was weird was i had done even more the day before when i wasnt sick at all but then when i was sick i did 3 and my wife walked me back from the bathroom and laid me down in bed and gave me some gatorade. Then she sat down on the computer and heard me snoring, then the snoring turned into... gargling. She turned around and my eyes were wide open but nothing was there. My spirit had already gone. She pulled the cover off of me and i was in the process of pissing and shitting myself. She called 911 and told them that i had a seizure (because the last time they were called and they were told it was an overdose the cops showed up and charged me with possession) and i wasnt breathing. So they told her to start CPR. So she did and finally the ambulance showed up. They got me to the hospital and i was still freezing. it took them 6 tries stabbing me to get blood. The ambulance had already got an i.v. started. But this nurse that was still wet behind the ears tried 3 times and couldnt hit a vein even with an IR vein finder. After the 3rd time of her sticking me and fishing around i looked at her and asked her what the fuck her problem was. She said oh the drugs you took is making your body react badly and i cant find a vein. I said no, if it was anything it was the 10mg of unnecessary narcan they had gave me because i was fine after 2. And that i obviously wasnt dehydrated because i had already had 1 1/2 bags of fluid. So i said no you cant stick me again and if you try to give me more narcan ill go AMA and walk out. So they brought in this older nurse who had a bird face and she stuck me and blew out 2 veins. Then they said, well just get the lab tech down here and get her to do it. Then she tells me if i dont pee in the next 10 minutes that they are going to catheter me. I said hell no. And apparently they didnt understand that i had just dies and lost all control of my bodily fluids. So i managed to squeeze out 2ml of piss and said that better be enough. They said it was and the lab tech came and got blood on the first stick. Over all it was way worse than the first time i over dosed on heroin and i even got intubated last time. Tube down the throat and charcoal was way better than 10mg of narcan. it was awful. But thanks for the concern guys. I love all of you. Even you /u/OlDirtyBurton"}
{"Title": "Comment in r/opiates", "Abstract": "Exacrly, I thought he had said he had some subutex AND a suboxone. The way he said 2 subutex and then said 4 mg of subs too and doesn't handle naloxone well i thought he had some of each so was advising on how to avoid the naloxone. If I misunderstood the post, my bad, lol. As I reread it I am still not sure what he was mentioning naloxone and such for if he doesn't have suboxone...?"}
{"Title": "Comment in r/Drugs", "Abstract": "Yes you should have narcan if you or someone you know uses drugs because fentanyl can find its way into a lot of drugs you might be using like coke. Or you could come across a random person who's overdosed or your friend could overdose and you'd potentially be able to save a life. There is other ways to get it but if you chose to buy it it vould be worth the $ for you"}
{"Title": "Comment in r/Drugs", "Abstract": "I wrote this a while ago, was writing it to non-users to inform people how kratom is different than other opioids. It's a bit long, but probably will answer some of your questions about this drug: I apologize for the wall of text and there is sort of a tl;dr if you don't want to read this all, but more people need to know the truth about this plant because advocates both for and against it only tell half-truths to fit their narrative. I feel if you read this all and understand both its flaws and benefits you'll understand why it is an important plant that needs to stay available until comparable pharmaceuticals are available. First off, I'm not advocating people who don't need or use opioids begin using this plant nor saying it is a risk free drug. But people who do need or are addicted to opioids really need to understand this plant and why it can be beneficial to them. Kratom is a plant with many opioid alkaloids. It is addictive and has withdrawals similar to all opioids. However, there are some very important and critical differences between kratom alkaloids, opium poppy opiates, and pretty much every widely used prescription opioid. I'll try to make this brief (I failed), but there are a few concepts about drugs that need explaining to understand why kratom really is a big deal. There is potency (affinity/efficacy), antagonism/agonism, and receptor subtypes. Your body is full of opioid receptors. From your brain, gut, to spinal cord there are receptors that respond to opioid drugs. The subtype that is most infamous is the mu-opioid receptors(MOR). This subtype is where the feel good and most effective pain relief feelings come from. Many opioids activate other types plus MOR and this all affects the drugs effects. Some types, like the kappa(KOR) group produce wildly different effects. The hallucinogenic drug salvia is actually an opioid that activates KOR. Other drugs like the anti-diarrhea drug loperamide (immodium) are opioids that don't effectively pass through the blood brain barrier, so they don't cause any significant mental effects. Now a receptor can be turned on or off. These are either agonists or antagonists. Painkillers are MOR agonists while the drug naloxone is a MOR antagonist. Thus it's use as an opioid overdose reversal drug. Receptors also aren't just on/off switches, they are more like dimmer switches. The potency of a drug relies on both affinity and efficacy. Quoting [wikipedia article on drug potency](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Potency_(pharmacology) Affinity is how well a drug can bind to a receptor (Fast/strong binding = higher affinity). Efficacy is the relationship between receptor occupancy and the ability to initiate a response So imagining opioids receptors are like lights. A drug like hydrocodone can turn MORs on all the way, but with a normal lumen bulb, naloxone can turn them off more than hydro can turn them on, and drugs like fentanyl can turn them on as bright as possible with the brightest lumen bulb possible. So naloxone will work to reverse a hydrocodone overdose because it has a much higher affinity, but won't work as well with fentanyl because it has a very similar high affinity. Then there is efficacy. Hydrocodone and fentanyl are both full agonists, they turn the receptors all the way on, but with different lumen bulbs. Some drugs though are partial agonists and only turn the receptors on a little bit. The addiction recovery drug suboxone is a mix of two different opioid drugs, buprenorphine and naloxone. As I mentioned before naloxone is a full antagonist, but buprenorphine is a partial MOR/mixed agonist (mixed means it also is an antagonist to different subtypes). Buprenorphine has a very high affinity, so it you take it then try taking hydrocodone you won't get high on the hydrocodone because buprenorphine binds to the receptor tighter. But it has a lower efficacy so you won't feel as high off buprenorphine as you will hydrocodone. Being a partial agonist buprenorphine doesn't cause as strong a high and that also means it doesn't work as well to stop pain or reduce respiratory response. This means you can't overdose as easily on buprenorphine. Plus in suboxone there is a full antagonist(naloxone), so if you take too much it works to counteract the partial agonism of buprenorphine. This creates a ceiling effect. There is a limit to how high you can get on suboxone before unpleasant side effects occur and the pleasant effects stop. Whew, Now about kratom. Kratom is a plant native to the Indonesian islands and southern Asia. Due to the islands being islands and Asia being huge, kratom grows over a large area and has evolved to have many different strains, similar to marijuana. And just like marijuana it doesn't contain a single active compound. The main components in kratom are mitragyinine and 7-hydroxymitragyinine which are partial MOR agonists, but there are also full antagonist inside it. So, somewhat similar to how marijuana has THC and CBD that counteract each other, kratom does this too, but they are opioids and not cannabinoids. Since kratoms primary alkaloids are partial agonists the effect of a light dose is similar to a small dose of typical opioids. Higher doses of kratom don't produce more effect because the agonists are only partial agonists and the less present antagonists effects become more apparent counteracting the effect of the agonists, but with a higher affinity too. The main components of the plant are the MOR agonists that we all despise and demonize, but there is also a less present component that are more effective MOR antagonists. This creates that ceiling effect just like suboxone. What this means, like the drug suboxone you get lower risk of overdose plus something else that will work to counteract the agonism in high doses. Where kratom really shines is the short half life. Ask anyone who used/uses suboxone what it has been like trying to quit. It is hell, not because of how severe it is, but how long it is. Heroin withdrawals maybe worse, but they are over within days-weeks. Suboxone withdrawals are months long. Really, to many suboxone is not a recovery drug, it's a life sentence. They know without this drug they are in for a long hard battle. One they aren't sure if they can or are willing to fight. Back to the subtypes. Not all opioid receptors are the same. MOR is the most pleasurable and analgesic type, but detla(DOR) also has some lesser analgesic effects. And in these subsets aren't just a hard line of different colored receptors, they are a spectrum. Some MOR receptors won't turn on with one prescription, but will with another. In pain management they often prescribe one opioid like hydrocodone and then another like tramadol for breakthrough pain. Tramadol hits different opioid receptors and can pick up or help the other opioid to provide relief in times where pain is worse than normal. Kratom strains have differing alkaloid contents and can produce a similar effect by switching strains. This is called the synergistic or entourage effect and it is the reason medical marijuana users will tell you cannabis is more effective for relief than marinol(isolated THC). This also allows users to tailor use to their needs. Using a white strain which is more energetic in the morning and a red strain at night which is more sedating and better at relieving pain. Then there is tolerance and withdrawal. If I were to have 3 different lights in my a room, but only used the centralized bulb I'm going to burn it out quicker. I'll also get used to how the light in the room projects from the single bulb and adjust my habits and furniture placement to accommodate how this single bulb works. So when this bulb eventually burns out I'm going to have a harder time doing activities in this room using the other bulbs. If I want to keep using that same light, I need to replace that bulb. My analogy breaks here, because I can't replace my receptors like a bulb, so what we do is give the burnt out bulb more power (switch to a drug with higher efficacy or increase dosage) to keep using the single light. The obvious solution is, why not just cycle your lights? The central bulb maybe the best for using my room, but if I'm at the corner desk, the single light closest to it will be sufficient to do my task even if the central bulb would illuminate the entire room better. Due to how we prescribe and control drugs, this is not possible. My doctor can't give me 3 different scripts and have me switch them as needed to limit tolerance. But with kratom I can. \u2500\u2500\u2500\u2500\u2500\u2500\u2500\u2500 So the TL;DR is this. Kratom is primarily partial agonists, so the negative effects like respiratory depression(which is what kills people overdosing on opioids) are less severe. Moreover there are antagonists inside it, although less abundant. Not only can I not OD from kratom use, if I try to take more to feel it more, the antagonists compete for the receptors and kick out the good feeling drugs and actually get you less high and side effects like nausea and vertigo become more pronounced. The drug has a low ceiling and is inherently self-limiting. Since there are different strains that affect different receptors, you can tailor your use to your specific needs through out the day and mitigate tolerance. Plus the drug has a reasonable half-life, so unlike buprenorphine (the only widely used pharmaceutical partial/mixed agonist) the withdrawals are much shorter lasting along with being less severe than full agonists. The culmination of all these factors makes kratom a safer, easier to quit, and more effective solution for many people who self medicate or are prescribed opioid drugs for their ailments. That all said, it's not all safe or a \"miricle plant\". Mixing it with other drugs(especially depressants) can exacerbate the effects leading to deadly overdose. Plus, not all the alkaloids are completely understood especially with the variety of strains. There has been a single c"}
{"Title": "Friend OD'd, using again days later, not sure what else to do.", "Abstract": "Friend OD'd, using again days later, not sure what else to do. Sorry if this is the wrong sub or if I didn't look through enough old posts to find info but I really don't know what to do here and it feels very time sensitive. GF's brother has been living at home and using for about 5 years. Didn't come out how much of a problem it was until 2 or 3 years ago when they found out he stole over 5k from them. In the last year or two he switched from mostly smoking to shooting. He's been in and out of rehab like 4 or 5 times, with the longest clean spell after being about 4 weeks. A couple weeks ago he OD'd at home, was found unresponsive not breathing, ambulance came and give him naloxone, cops searched the house etc. He missed his court date for possession of paraphernalia cause he was in the hospital. He came home and the first thing he did was convince her parents, who are completely fucking exhausted and don't know what to do at this point, that he owed a dealer money and the guy threatened to kill him. They gave him cash and he obviously went and scored (cause what fucking dealer fronts a broke addict $90?) and was using within like three days of OD'ing. That was about a week ago, and since then he's been a mix of pissed off cause he's detoxing or sketchy as fuck thinking he's sneaking around but obviously still using. At this point he has no phone, no cash, and after he snuck out and they found more baggies and needles in his room a couple days ago his parents took the keys to the house too. An hour ago my girlfriend found out he was missing and so was $20 from her mom's purse. They don't know know what to do because he seems like he's past the point of having any desire to recover and is convinced he's just going to use until he dies (soon). If they let him stay it ruins their lives and their son probably dies in their house. If they kick him out he'll probably die on the street or someone else's couch in a month. They can't call rehab on his behalf because he's an adult. He can't get in to recovery houses because he's not clean and has a pending court date. The only other viable option is pressing charges against him for the money (or a handful of smaller things) and getting him put in jail, which her parents are having a hard time thinking about. I don't know what options there are, or which are good ones, or how to even approach the whole thing and they're all just tired and raw at this point which is making it hard for them to act. People who have been in similar situations - what's next? EDIT: He came home a while ago. They told him to pack his pack his bags which his started to do but then somehow found an emergency detox program (not entirely sure what that is or how they found it). Sounds like he'll be there for the next ~5 days, would still appreciate any input on what to do after that from people with greater perspective."}
{"Title": "Comment in r/opiates", "Abstract": "Did you take the Oxy and then the Naloxone pills?"}
{"Title": "Comment in r/opiates", "Abstract": "and is Tracey also the person who sent you the dope? I mean it is really thoughtful and awesome if they send Narcan with their awesomely strong dope, but if they are the one who sends the dope and you say they saved your life couldn;t you also say they nearly took your life too? Someone giving you the stuff to OD and to save you is both killing you and saving you from that point of view...I think we make our own decisions and it is not someones fault for giving dope it is the users fault, so I am just playing devils advocate I am not saying the person killed you I think it is AWESOME they supplied the Nalaxone/Narcan. Maybe this person just sends out Narcan to help prevent OD and has nothing to do with the dope, in that case they are an angel...it is just such a great story I would like to know more!"}
{"Title": "a word of caution..", "Abstract": "a word of caution.. My Dad died from an accidental fentynal overdose 4 years ago. He was 55 years young and otherwise healthy. He had a great job and always went to work. He was trying to quit and had been 2 weeks clean, when he decided to use again. Because his tolerance had waned due to the recent break from using, the relapse was enough to kill him. If you are quiting, I strongly suggest you let everyone around you know and seek professional help - it is more often than not difficult to obtain, but doable with help and persistence. And always stock Narcan. Goodnight, and love you all"}
{"Title": "Comment in r/opiates", "Abstract": "&gt;But orginally i started out using the OTC oral syringes they have at pharmacies and realized those things are FAT and also not shaped the best with a flat base and a point at the bottom. These are the ones people use. I know it seems like they are big, but given that you use opiates and poop I imagine much larger things have passed through your butt-hole before. You need to use a little bit of lube and just slowly push it into your butthole. Personally I find plugging to be mostly ineffective because of my chronic constipation. I know some people use enemas to make sure they are good and cleared out before plugging ... so that may help ... but I've never tried. &gt;Also when might be the best time to go get them. It makes no difference what-so-ever. If you are buying syringes without a prescription to insulin they know what you are using them for. Personally, I've found Walgreens or any small mom-and-pop pharmacy to have the most consistently friendly policies. It seems like Walgreens would probably sell crack over the counter if they could. &gt;Can supplies like these be picked up from methadone clinics or do they only focus on treatment? I'm not sure whether or not methadone clinics offer harm reduction supplies. You can probably walk in there and ask ... you live next door right? The worst that happens is they tell you to go fuck yourself. I assume with a methadone clinic though your city will have needle exchanges ... so just go online and do a little googling and you'll quickly discover the exchanges near by. Tracy does offer harm reduction kits, but you really shouldn't be taking her up on her free kits just because you are shy. They are really intended for folks that live in states without access to clean syringes and naloxone ... and not so much folks with easy access to both a needle exchange and OTC naloxone that are simply too shy or lazy to go to walgreens or their local needle exchange. Your local needle exchange is usually state funded ... and is there to provide you with not only free needles, narcan, and harm reduction paraphernalia ... but offers everything you might need in terms of questions answered regarding treatment programs ... and safe techniques for sticking heroin in your butthole. You just need to walk your lazy ass down there ;) Tracy is funded by generous donations of various redditors ... but doesn't have anywhere near the funding your local needle exchange receives ... so please don't use her service unless it is your only option."}
{"Title": "Comment in r/Drugs", "Abstract": "When I overdosed(A few times) I always woke up angry. Not really sure why I was angry, never was like \"You ruined my high\" or \"I was ok\" or anything. Just angry. Very angry. Peaceful? I wouldn't quite say that. Just went from shooting up, to coming to after narcan angry. I overdosed once on purpose, trying to off myself. Woke up angry, not because they stopped me from succeeding, just again angry(Not sure why so angry after each time)."}
{"Title": "Comment in r/opiates", "Abstract": "Extremely slow breathing, snoring, slumped over with no response and it seems impossible to wake them up, this is why I keep narcan on me. Narcan will reverse an opioid overdose and it can be bought at wallgreens"}
{"Title": "Comment in r/opiates", "Abstract": "Idk man. If you google it everything i see says that narcan is available nationwide without a prescription. Maybe some states are trying to make things hard though. Idk I fucking hate how pharmacies work. It\u2019s always a bunch of bullshit with them. \u201cAnyone can purchase NARCAN\u00ae Nasal Spray directly from their pharmacy without a prescription from their doctor.\u201d \u201cAvailable without an individual prescription nationwide, naloxone, also known as NARCAN\u00ae, is a safe and effective antidote to opioid overdoses.\u201d"}
{"Title": "Comment in r/opiates", "Abstract": "Well basically I have chronic pain because of a car accident that I got in about 10 months ago. (Link: https://www.reddit.com/r/opiates/comments/39xfsp/member_of_the_subreddit_got_in_a_bad_car_accident/) Subs seem to help a little bit with pain for me. I've never had a truly serious long-term habit, but I will go on stints/binges sometimes and experience pretty brutal physical WD. I'd rather go with subutex because I feel like (though I'm not sure, haven't done enough research about it yet) subutex would help more with chronic pain because it lacks the antagonist, naloxone. I'm not sure about methadone, but I feel like it could arguably be the best choice for pain control/maintenance. However, I have heard lots of people say methadone made it much harder to quit and also heard people say it made it much easier. My pain management doctor is willing to prescribe me opiates. However, I'd have to pass at least two urine tests (a month apart) and unfortunately, since I smoke and am exposed to weed quite often, and how long THC stays in the system ( though I do have quite a high metabolism ). And I'm not sure I even want to go that route, because as far as I know myself I feel like I'd be tempted to take much more than the recommended dose, (100-150+ mg of oxycodone in the form of roxis). After my car accident I was prescribed massive amounts of roxicodone, such as 90x20mg roxi and several scripts of 160+ 10mg roxi. This is where my addiction really went downhill."}
{"Title": "Comment in r/OpiatesRecovery", "Abstract": "Im 32(not completely sober but off the bad stuff) I would always want to quit and would attempt but it never lasted. Would go home to my family to detox and went right back out. There were many pathetic attempts to get clean. Would last a few days,or if I made it to the two week mark I'd start doing good and then get dragged down by my man or a friend. The reason I got clean .........ugh this part hurts so much but it was a blessing too So I'll start two weeks before the death of my angel boy We would be getting high as usual... though he was recently let out of jail so his tolerance wasn't like it was before jail. I only smoked or snorted fent at this point. But I would buy him dope cuz I was scared of him OD'ing. So I call my plug tell her what I want and Justin has already finessed my roommates car before I even hang up \ud83d\ude0d. There's nothing better than being on sick knowing you about to be well. We're sharing a Newport, laughing and all smiles Future is blasting out the speakers and I'm enjoying the scenery of the south Carolina town we were living in. We arrive to the plug. She warns me how strong the fent is but knowing I'd be fine. She was a mother after all. We take a hit of our separate foils in a Engles parking lot and get something out the store n go home. So by this point j is annoyed cuz he's not getting that high from the heroin and he wants to do some of my fent. Which. We used to smoke fent 24/7 months previous So I let him. He's a big boy .... I'm still watching a bit and smoking. I mean this shit is really strong. He seems to be fine and I tell him I'm gonna do my makeup in the bathroom 2 doors down. And maybe like 5 mins into my makeup I hear that death snore sound and i cooly grab for a narcan. And he deff needs another one and I don't see one .... so I'm screaming please God don't let me lose him please ..I know I have hella more narcan!!! And I found two of the under a pile of clothing. Administer them and keep screaming \"BUBBY BUBBY\" (that's what we called each other) PLEASE DONT LEAVE ME. And I'm doing CPR and he starts breathing and that image will never leave my mind ever. So it's babies first od and he's scared as hell , I've had to bring back alllllot of ppl before but never the love of my life so that stirred me quite a bit. We're crying and holding eachoher and blah blah blah . But we start talking about trying the rehab thing soon cuz we were both overrrrr this shit .but still after OD'ing he goes and gets more tickets a day later. But not the shit from the normal plug. He gets it off his homie he met in jail .. So I keep calling him and stuff cuz I hate when he uses alone. I'm clearly still traumatized from the literal DAY BEFORE. All I could see is him cold and blue and dead. when he finally picks up the phone I can tell he's fucking faded I'm like WTF babe. You overdosed and almost died YESTERDAY. He swears he's ok and talks with me for a bit but then has to eat dinner So fast forward a few hours I guess he was eating dinner with his mom and she noticed how high he was. They got into a huge fight and she left and he went to get high.... So I lived like 20 mins from him or I would have walked to him I was so scared. He wasn't texting me or picking up his calls and I just knew what happened Luckily his mom found him just in time.... She called the EMS and they were able to bring him back But she wanted him to go to rehab or he would be kicked out of her house and he's on probation So he agreed. Idk about y'all but if I was in his shoes I wouldn't be fucking around after a back to back OD would use very small amounts n stuff 2 ODs In a week is absolutely a warning you must not ignore I could see the fear all over his face the two weeks before his untimely death..... Those quick two weeks where id do everything different if I just could, we did have a lot of fun and really bonded with the little time we had left. We'd go floating in lake Hartwell and would be all over eachother. Laughing smiling and just totally in love even after the totally fucked up 4 almost 5 years we were together. Of course we were still getting high can't be too much sweetness ..... The next morning I woke up to him kicking me in the face accusing me of taking the dope ... no pussy kick either ...but I was used to how he gets and just helped him find his shit. And he let me kick him in the face so it made me feel a lot better. I just adore violence. We really were a crazy match but we loved each other so deeply and had been through hell and back So the day he died didn't seem normal at all. He woke me up screaming he has togo to rehab now cuz his mom found him nodded off wit baggies n foil out. I told him baby I'll go too but I'll be in Pittsburgh cuz of my insurance and I'll come back the day you get out of rehab. So we were very hopeful that we are finally getting off dope. He calls me back and asks if I have dope I can bring him and I said I didn't have enough....he gets all pissy and whiny and calls me a crackwhore or something. He gets a bag of his dude knowing it's the strong stuff... I now know what he had to have done. I kept calling him and freaking out no answer I call like 10 times and he texts me that he's fighting with mom yet again and that he's going to rehab ASAP and that he loves me more than anything or anybody and how beautiful I am and just how he can't wait to be clean and happy again. But he said he's keeping his phone on till they get there so we can talk .... this is about 10:30 at night And I guess his mom thought she got all the dope and that he would be fine alone now. Her and her friend left the house ...said goodnight to Justin for the last time unknowingly..... Not 100%sure of the details but ya he gets extremely high. Nobody is there to give him narcan and my sweet boy at the extremely young age of 31 died on July 23 2022 And the worst part of it all is that the day he died. His mom and her friend. Came to my house. Kicked our door in. Pullledme out the house and put a gun in my face and screamed at me YOU KILLED MY BABY BOY!!!!! And from that moment on I was in hysterics. Like his 64 year old mom is pathetically trying to hurt me and like then they pull the gun and I honestly laughed And said please I Wana b with bubby. They kept accusing me of bringing him the dope and wanted to know who supplied it. Again all I could do is scream and cry I wasn't able to go to a funeral or ceremony or get anything of his. But I did get closure in my own special way right after he died So so so sorry how long this is but this is why I'm a year and almost 2 months clean today. I'm so blessed and I know he has my back still. I plan on actually writing my life story and I think it will be a huge success."}
{"Title": "Comment in r/opiates", "Abstract": "In my ods and people oding around me it was just lights out after the plunger went down. I personally couldn't see anyone doing much after a of shot. Bit I don't have XP shooting in the neck but I do have 10 yrs being an IV h user. I'm sorry for your loss. Calling authorities immediately to hit her with narcan was a good idea tho. I've saved a few ppl like this"}
{"Title": "Comment in r/opiates", "Abstract": "Darkgold? Is that a dw plug? I sourced this in person as I do with any fent and it may smell like \u201cgarbage\u201c (due to the acetone) but people around here are dropping like flies fom it. I can\u2018t give it to anyone unless I\u2018m sure they\u2018ve been banging fent for some years because literally anyone that does ANY amount without being extremely tolerant falls out and needs narcan. I know of numerous very tolerant people who have fallen out from a tad much as well. I\u2018d still call it garbage though if it contains any harmful chems that weren\u2018t removed during synthesis. As far as potency though? Uhhh thats way off, to say the least."}
{"Title": "Narcan Availability Map/List, State by State - Most Up To Date I Could Find", "Abstract": "Narcan Availability Map/List, State by State - Most Up To Date I Could Find"}
{"Title": "Comment in r/opiates", "Abstract": "I have no idea, I wasn't there it was just what he told us. I don't believe he gave the injection every 30 seconds, it was that the guy would only remain conscious for 30 seconds after each injection. Naloxone doesn't do any damage itself and I got the impression that they just kept dosing the guy to make sure he stayed alive long enough for the ambulance to show and get it into him with an IV or whatever they do. Unfortunately it takes a fucking age in the UK to have an ambulance arrive."}
{"Title": "Comment in r/Drugs", "Abstract": "Dam im sorry for your loss and how you couldnt go to the memorial. Im suprised they didnt narcan him it doesnt make sense i feel like thats the first thing they do for an od."}
{"Title": "Comment in r/opiates", "Abstract": "Yea I agree with a lot of this...it's 20+ years since I started opiates - I've done detox, been on methadone script, hell the first time I touched H was with a pin...and in all that time, not once have I OD'd and this was before testing kits and strips It's not heroic to just throw a huge eyeball dose into yourself however your ROA - what's so wrong with a small test when you get a new batch? However sick I was I always did that...pretty much everyone I used to hang with just chucked their usual pile in and hoped... sometimes the result was a muted 'meh' but obviously the other end of that is OD central - lost count how many died and there may be more now as I've not seen or contacted any of them in over 3 years It's perfectly possible to get very much f**ked without the OD...as you say, apart from anything else I'd have been pissed if my hard-grafted money ended up wasted because I needed a Naloxone shot and straight into WD's lol"}
{"Title": "Question about oxy with naloxone", "Abstract": "Question about oxy with naloxone"}
{"Title": "Comment in r/opiates", "Abstract": "Methadone is a full opiate agonist. Just like fent, oxy, etc and its a great painkiller too. Also the only thing it \"blocks\" is the euphoria at certain levels. Every other aspect of the opiates will still be working exactly as they should. I think you may be thinking of suboxone which is buprenorphine/naloxone. Other than that good answer"}
{"Title": "Comment in r/opiates", "Abstract": "Naltrexone is vivitrol. Naloxone is narcan/overdose reversal. I'm on vivitrol. And it has completely eliminated all triggers, craving, and urges for me. Like I havent had any desire whatsoever to use. And things that normally would've triggered me (smells, roads, pill bottles, juicy veins), even subconsciously, don't even register with my brain anymore. No joke. Like right now, I'm currently 5 feet away from a box of 10 fent patches (One of my go-tos when I was using) and 180 OC 15s (family) and it's like looking at a bottle of Tylenol. It is the weirdest and greatest thing ever. I know it doesn't work the same for everyone. But I was completely opposed to it and had no plans of actually staying clean. Just doing it to make other people happy. Imagine my surprise when it helped give me my life back."}
{"Title": "Comment in r/Drugs", "Abstract": "Xanax, PCP, heroin, crack. I was addicted to all 3 at different times. Xanax PCP and dope all at the same time. The PCP is all mental addiction (mostly - the only physical \"withdrawal\" i got was simply full body pain from doing stupid shit while on it for such a long period of time. My muscles ached and i was in bad pain from straining my muscles lifting shit). PCP, for me, is the most life ruining. In one day smoking it the day before work i lost my last job, then said fuck it and went on a month binge, ended up in psychosis (long story - type in pcp psychosis in the search bar if you want to read it) and was forced into the hospital 3 times in 4 days by the police. I had to relearn how to read. I forgot my name and age. I lost 30 pounds. My urine looked like iced tea. I had a neck beard and was a blueish gray skin tone. I was literally dying. I only smoked it at that time when i knew i didnt work the next day. But from that point on, i no longer gave a fuck if i worked or not. I also wasnt careful anymore. There was no \"3 hits, see where i am... Put it out...do more if i need it\". Id smoke the whole fucking cigarette or smoke the dipper til i blacked out which happened a lot. That also ended with a alot of consequences. Minus the psychosis, it simply put fucks you up so bad you cant do normal shit. Like eat. Or sleep. Or fucking work. Depending on the quality at least. Some shit id be able to work the next day. But if it was the crunch im not sleeping for at least 48 hours after smoking and not eating. Ill gauranteed lose my job if i have one too. Ive lost 3 jobs from dippers. Had the ambulance called on me at 2 jobs because i came in so fucked up. Had the police and emts in my house 4 times in a month from them cause i overdosed and went catatonic and was found by someone every time not reacting to anything (touch, smacks, voice, etc) or i was doing weird shit, unable to walk, etc. Xanax/benzos i would say is the 2nd worse. If you mix it with alcohol at least. Youll blackout and have long periods of amnesia during the abuse. Youll also find out stupid shit when the effects wear off (if you ever let them unlike me when i was addicted to benzos and alcohol). Honestly benzos + alcohol was more enjoyable then heroin for me. I started with a 2mg bar and like a half pint with 200-400mg caffeine so i didnt just pass out. I lost one job from this though. Id be in coma like sleep and kept sleeping straight through my alarm clocks. Got to the point my boss got sick of itand let me go for it happening so much. The withdrawal from that ~7 month addiction lingered for months. I didnt sleep for a good 2 weeks and thought i was going to die. Heroin is the most destroying to people around you. Opiates were my drug of choice before i found out PCP totally obliterated opiate withdrawal (minus some mental withdrawal). And they were also my longest addiction. I was addicted to pills around 15, was shooting dope by 17 and got on suboxone at 19-20 and was on suboxone for 2 years. I stole, lied, cheated everybody. My own fucking mother. My father. Grandma. You name it. I burglarized 3 stores. One of those stores over 5 times. If you do heroin, and get addicted...just throw your fucking morals out the window yo. Im a whiteboy and was copping dope out of worse holes than youd see on The Wire (Bmore). I never thought id share needles with a fucking honeless junkie, and would be walking into trash filled alleys using my last $5 to cop a pill of scramble after waiting in a line 10 deep. I overdosed , i think, 11 times this past 12 months from dope. These were all narcan overdoses. Not counting the times i blackrd out and woke up 5 hours later on my face. That number would be like 50 over my short pathetic life. Mostly because i was an idiot and used too much - ive been a \"chipper\" over the last year after getting off subs. Id use for like 3 days at a time and stop for a few weeks or a month or two. But every time it seemed like, id end up overdosing. I died next to my fucking mom last month. She was picking me up to take me to detox , i shot my last cap put my bag down in her car, and boom woke up in the hospital the next day. I was just narcanned by my girl the day before that. This last run around only lasted a month. I relapsed at my recovery house and got an apartment. Within one month, i lost my job, savings, car, and got evicted and ended up back in rehab. Both of us. Did i mention i ended up butt naked running around and rolling in mud like a fucking pig that week before we had to pack up our apartment? Butt fucking naked. Lost my clothes. I found them hours later. Im 26 days clean today. The longest i ever had."}
{"Title": "Comment in r/opiates", "Abstract": "Me too dude! Turns out I\u2019m fucking actually allergic to naloxone. They\u2019ll still hit me with narcan if I\u2019m down though."}
{"Title": "Comment in r/opiates", "Abstract": "They charged more for suboxone than subutex? That sounds weird. Subutex is rarer and doesn\u2019t have the naloxone in it, I always thought it was worth more."}
{"Title": "Comment in r/opiates", "Abstract": "Sometimes you can actually feel when you're starting to get to a dangerous point. If you have to remind yourself to breathe instead of just doing it unconsciously, that is when you've either got to try your hardest not to fall asleep or have someone administer Narcan (naloxone) to you if you are unable to do it yourself."}
{"Title": "Comment in r/Drugs", "Abstract": "Heroin, cocaine, naloxone, ketamine all are absorbed better intranasally. Certainly more, but I am making a guess for zopiclone since it is water soluible and zoidplem has a decent intranasal BA as well. Maybe not higher than oral but certainly not super low."}
{"Title": "Comment in r/opiates", "Abstract": "My doctor has started giving me a narcan nasal inhaler script a part of my monthly meds. I'm stocking up on them and might just and then all to Tracey. There's 2 bottles in each script and I think I'm at 8 bottled right now so don't have a whole lot yet. It's awesome that a lot of doctors are starting to dual prescribe narcan with a patient plate script though."}
{"Title": "Comment in r/opiates", "Abstract": "Honestly don't care if I feel the oxy, just wondering if it would help with the stone pain or is that pretty much hand in hand.. Another thing that I read was that in the sublingual strips the naloxone doesn't have much absorbability and is solely in the strip to prevent people from melting it down and shooting it do you know anything about that?"}
{"Title": "Is Narcan thermally stable?", "Abstract": "Is Narcan thermally stable?"}
{"Title": "Comment in r/opiates", "Abstract": "Opioid overdoses are like nothing. They're not good or bad. They're nothingness. You're there, then you're not. Would be a very peaceful way to die. Even though your body might be gasping for air, choking on vomit, seizing -- shit that LOOKS and SEEMs painful -- you don't feel any of it. You're totally unconscious. I've, unfortunately, overdosed twice. Been naloxone'd once. FUCK NO DONT DO FENTANYL. IF YOUR FRIENDS THINK THAT IS GOOD FOR YOUR BEGINNER AS, THEY ARE NOT YOUR FUCKING FRIENDS. PLAIN AND FUCKING SIMPLE. SORRY TO ALL CAPS YOUR ASS BUT LISTEN TO ME -- LISTEN TO ME AND ONLY ME -- DO... NOT... DO... FENTANYL. DO NOT. DON'T. DON'T FALL INTO THEIR PEER PRESSURE. FUCK THOSE FRIENDS. SELFISH MOTHERFUCKERS"}
{"Title": "Comment in r/Drugs", "Abstract": "Plz get some narcan and don't use alone, cause sounds like u about to die and or incur some medical bills..."}
{"Title": "Comment in r/opiates", "Abstract": "Is there a limit to oral naloxone assumption? I mean I don't wanna get super sick from it"}
{"Title": "Comment in r/opiates", "Abstract": "naloxone in subs is 100% inactive (even if you IV) because bupe has a higher binding affinity than it does. so unless you\u2019re allergic to narcan, there\u2019s no point tryna remove it or anything. u can take suboxone strips and snort them, plug them, shoot them, any way you want and it\u2019ll work just the same. no matter what u do if you are taking the bupe it will block any other opioids regardless of if u have suboxone or subutex (narcan free)"}
{"Title": "is meth hillbilly narcan?", "Abstract": "is meth hillbilly narcan? i just picked up some absolute pink FIRE. just made the switch to synthetic because i can\u2019t afford spending $600-800 on 5 or 6 grams of afghani or paki or CW every 2 weeks. it\u2019s crippling and quite frankly being a smoker/sometimes snorter it\u2019s not even getting me high anymore just annoyed by the taste. anyway i\u2019m lookin at some beautiful shards as well and wondering, is meth hillbilly narcan?"}
{"Title": "4 years expired Suboxone films", "Abstract": "4 years expired Suboxone films Are these even worth taking? I haven't cracked the seal on any of the packaging. I imagine they are dried out husks reduced in potency. I just don't want to get in some situation where the bupe doesn't do shit but SURPRISE, the naloxone is A-OK and now I can't get high. EDIT: I guess Naloxone doesn't really do anything orally. It's just there to prevent people from shooting the pills or films. But the question still stands."}
{"Title": "Comment in r/opiates", "Abstract": "10 years shooting heroin (meth, coke, crack, subs, pills whatever I can IV) and I have all my veins but they have bad scar tissue since i hardly rotate. Ive used dirty rigs countless times but dont have any diseases. I have overdosed 5 times, aka ambulance and narcan that doesnt include waking up hunched over after a black out. I've been to the hospital a dozen plus times, psych ward, jail, rehabs blah blah blah. Drugs are the core to most of my problems. I don't feel like writing out all the crap I've been through but it has been hard at times. Alcohol abuse also is a big factor but I cut my drinking back significantly."}
{"Title": "If someone overdosed and is suffering from respiratory depression, would a bag valve mask/rescue breaths be able to keep them alive until ambulances arrive?", "Abstract": "If someone overdosed and is suffering from respiratory depression, would a bag valve mask/rescue breaths be able to keep them alive until ambulances arrive? Just for some more info, I'm not in an overdose situation but I'd like to have the knowledge for this in case I'm not carrying naloxone."}
{"Title": "Comment in r/Drugs", "Abstract": "Can't they just add naloxone to opiates and make them not abusable? Correct me if I'm wrong"}
{"Title": "Comment in r/opiates", "Abstract": "Sublingual activation of naloxone is in the low like 5-10% I believe. Meaning you don\u2019t absorb it. So there is no difference between subutex sublingual and Suboxone films or pills. Trust me you can ask anyone who knows about Suboxone (buprenorphine), they will tell you the same thing. And btw I wasn\u2019t being rude at all, just pointed out that\u2019s not how it works, you simply have it backwards which isn\u2019t a big deal so that\u2019s why I told you that\u2019s not how it works. Also if anyone also knows it would be u/dyingoutwest94 he is very knowledgeable and can tell you the same."}
{"Title": "Comment in r/Drugs", "Abstract": "This is correct, I have a certificate to administer naloxone in the UK. From what I remember from the training materials it lasts about an hour. The idea is to administer it and then get the person to a hospital because after it wears off they can still die."}
{"Title": "Comment in r/Drugs", "Abstract": "I enjoy reading posts like this from a person with a habit &amp; vices similar to myself. It really intrigue captivates me because it leaves me with wonder, loads more questions than I had before &amp; overwhelming curiosity! Along with a certain amount of yearning to spend a year in Trump land hitting it harder than Ozzy Osbourne\u2019s wildest dreams. However saying that where I am Mex gear is top shelf &amp; always gas been with it sometimes reaching incredibly good! I cbf with ADHD meds they don\u2019t touch me although I\u2019m sure I have adhd myself. Ghb/Gbl is Gods sweet nectar in my books &amp; to most people here definitely a fav!! The warm hug of comforting Benz is always appreciated &amp; abundant. I was a bit dismissive &amp; of Clonz at 1st like Kim Kardashian having to shop at the gap or Walmart for clothes but price, euphoria &amp; results they are hard to beat! I do quite like the occasional very cheap treat a Subbie Strip Buprenorphine/naloxone for is unusual contradiction of effects in its high \ud83d\ude0e\u270c\ufe0f"}
{"Title": "Comment in r/addiction", "Abstract": "I don\u2019t know you but I care so much for you too! If I could hug you now I would. I\u2019m so so sorry that you are going through this too. Don\u2019t worry I\u2019m crying too. I think you are just fine for society. I don\u2019t think that has anything to do with it. I think that addiction is not studied enough. It should be normalized and it should be researched rather than frowned up. I wish that there were more studies for addiction. I also that whenever an addict passed away that someone would study their brain so we could learn more. I\u2019m not an addict and I have never wanted to do any hard drugs. I have smoked weed, drank alcohol and caffeine. I watched him use many times. I almost had to use narcan on him one time. I found him passed out on our bed when I can home from work. Needle sitting beside him, arm still tied up, and a narcan on the bed. I shook him violently and screamed at him. He woke up but it was so incredibly scary. I thought I was about to lose him. I\u2019m so grateful that I didn\u2019t. I hope your girlfriend never has to go though that. I hope you are able to help yourself. I also hope you know that you are not alone and there are so many people that care about you! I care about you!"}
{"Title": "Comment in r/Drugs", "Abstract": "I would not keep narcan in the car because of the extreme temp changes a vehicle goes through during the course of the day (also depending on the season). Narcan should be kept in a cool, dark place between the temps 15 degrees Celsius and 32 degrees Celsius. I would keep them where you keep your keys, so you can grab one to put in your purse/bag before you leave."}
{"Title": "Comment in r/Drugs", "Abstract": "How is narcan Xanax for hippies. It literally just gives you immediate withdrawals."}
{"Title": "The good ole days", "Abstract": "The good ole days Remember when you could do dope and not have to worry about dying? I relapsed this month after 9 years clean and overdosed twice. On the smallest amounts. Thank god for narcan, that wasnt around before. Scared me straight i think tho, obviously a road i dont want to go down but pain management has been failing me and i was desperate. Never again. Im about 5 days now with nothing for pain and im miserable af but alive... i guess."}
